we are jizz on demand we just have no we
don't care women have another skill
which is that they can decide whether or
not to have sex with their mind which is
amazing to me Morgan Tonight knock the
fuck in the middle of fucking and it's
so weird to me that they can just stop
because of some other shit that
distracted to me if I'm fucking you you
could show me a picture of you cut my
mom's head on and I'll be like whoa soon
as I come we're gonna have a talk about
that really
and I need to come I need to to a coming
is in need I came the first time when I
was 12 and I haven't skipped a day I
come every day and I thought maybe
20,000 my life so it's just been me
doing most of the work and I really you
know I jerk off way too much it upsets
me I don't know why maybe this isn't so
selfish I don't know where it is I know
it's bad i don't hurt or somebody
somewhere there's something wrong like I
was thinking the other day that you can
figure out how bad a person you are by
how soon after September level you
masturbated like how long you waited and
for me between the two buildings going
down
I had to do it I had to otherwise they
win that's the way I was living I live
in the car we're going to scream time
bro I know you all waited a whole week
you're awesome but I just couldn't do it
a boner boner it's got to go something's
gonna happen Barnes just they ruin
everything and I really hate boners I
hate everyone I've ever had I remember
the first time I was nine that's the
worst thing about a little boy's life is
that you start getting boners when
you're nine and you don't come for 3 14
years it's three years of just vicious
little boners it'll go away you just
pass out moaning in a ditch somewhere
and you wake up you're so hard it's
awful if you ever seen a nine-year-old
boy on the street just give him 20 bucks
he's very unhappy or it's like a thing
however you feel like you're gonna help
him out I remember that man i remember
being nine inches being hard and not
knowing why or what to do I just would
rub my dick against stuff that's all I
did everything I if I was standing in
front of a car just press it against the
car Oh warm from the Sun it's good
I used to run home from school after
school so I could fuck my whole house
basically I would you fuck the house I
tucked the walls and the floor if you
have a nine-year-old boy at home he
fucking your house right now because
that's what we do I just like we had a
quarter or a couch check out my bitch I
fucked it all day just pumping with no
results just frustrated I do weird
things with my dick to like I closed it
in the refrigerator door I don't know
why I just like the pressure I like that
one side was metal and the other was
that accordion like rubber with a magnet
in it I just was a cold air on my balls
good good I don't know why good I don't
know how I ever got laid really cuz I
was awful at it I still am I never
understood like there's guys they just
have this confidence and they can like
go out with a girl no one to lean in and
kiss her and shit I just I couldn't I
was just good good fuck you like I just
blurted out
ever'one I was of the girl I was like 20
years old already doing stand-up and I
did a show in Washington DC and after
the show one of the waitresses came back
to my hotel she was really cute and
we're making out in my hotel and she's
into it she's like humping me so I start
putting my hand up her shirt and she
stops me okay so then we're making out
more I start put my hand her ass and she
stops me so after a while she went home
doesn't happen and then the next night I
started the club and she goes up hey
what happened last night I was like what
and she goes how come we didn't have sex
I was like because you didn't want to
she's like yes I did I was really into
it I was like why did you keep stopping
me and she goes cuz I wanted you to just
go for it was like what does that mean
she says I'm kind of weird i get turned
on when a guy just gets frustrated and
just hold me down and fucked me I got a
big turn on